Simplify custom-test-thresholds.md (#7940)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/faqs/Tests/custom-test-thresholds.md

You can also try the following solutions:

> * Setting the [severity](/reference/resource-properties/data-tests#severity) to `warn`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Setting the [severity](/reference/resource-configs/severity) to `warn` or `error`
```
